add ai studio link to readme (#2291)
flutter/samples: ai_recipe_generation/README.md

This is a demo app created for the Google I/O talk "Gemini API and Flutter: Practical, AI-driven apps with Google AI tools"

> [See the prompt we used on Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/app/prompts/1RsTAt6_N8BPhXbrrd8gSJcdeuYV834kf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [the prompt we used on Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/app/prompts/1RsTAt6_N8BPhXbrrd8gSJcdeuYV834kf).
```
